0.1.15	Thing compiles under 32 and 64 bit
0.1.14  Bug fixes, some changes in error handling. Unfortunately,
	a last-minute bugfix for amd 64 makes things non-compilable
	under GNU/Linux 32 bit
0.1.11  Unfortunately I have tested uploading to savannah using 
	a faulty 0.1.10. As removing files from savannah is not
	possible, overwriting neither (apparently), I bump the
	version number to 0.1.11

0.1.10	The current version should digest very large collections now.
	It is tested with small collections only, but the relevant
	parts of the code use streampos instead of int now. 
	THIS MEANS YOU HAVE TO RUN gift-generate-inverted-file
	in all directories that contain an InvertedFileOffset.db file,
	i.e. for all collections currently maintained by your GIFT 
	instance. 

	The numbering system will become less weird now. We won't
	do subsubsub versions (e.g. +x epsilon) any more, as this
	is not compatible with e.g. Gentoo ebuilds.

0.1.9+5epsilon
	Fixed annoying bug with which you could hang GIFT by 
	closing the connection too quickly.

	Changes in gift-guide.sgml

0.1.9+4epsilon
	License bug. Updated gift-guide.sgml concerning perl and 
	url2fts.xml

0.1.9+3epsilon
	this fixes some anoying stuff found in 0.1.9 by testers. We 
	hope some 0.1.10 out soon. 

0.1.9   more bugfixes. Internationalization is on the way, there should
	be no problem any more regaring umlauts in files that are indexed.
	
	We kicked out the expat from the current release, so you have to
	have one preinstalled to run the GIFT. The perl parts need now
	the modules XML::XQL and Text::Iconv. Check out the 
	gift-install-prerequisites.pl script if you have more questions.

	WARNING: Not yet BSD ready.

0.1.8   fixed some bugs with the make dist target. Same as last version,
	but *should* compile now without any tweaking on 
	gcc v3.0.2 (and hopefully later?) and gcc v2.95.

0.1.7   some exception cleanup, some steps towards user authentification
	(server using multiple sockets).

0.1.6pre4
	cleaning up the cvs, making make dist work for more easily
	making more frequent releases

...     mainly bug fixes, including some very very hard to find
	trouble in memory allocation when multithreading

0.1.5	Plugin support.

	Multithreading support, 
	try ./configure --enable-multi-threading <other options>
	for using this feature

	Interactive script for automatic installation of prerequisites:
	SnakeCharmer
	Perl modules.
	Try ./configure --enable-interactive <other options>
	for using this feature

	Better socket code. Got rid of some emabarassing workarounds.

0.1.4	improvement of Perl query engine

0.1.3	first "preliminarily GNUed version for the FSF"
	There are a couple of bugfixes and new features, as well as a 
	change of the name from Viper to GIFT

0.1 sourcecode evaluation package for the FSF

